I don't even have the money to treat my wife to dinner
Sorry, I'm short of money.
Fang Chen
You don't work in the company, where did you go?
Wife, I want to go to Yoma Kiyono for dinner
By the way, I'll buy you nice clothes.
Then what are you doing with the sack?
There is a lot of money in sacks
I'm going to get you a money bed
Let you lie down every day
Sleep on a bed full of money
Isn't this the psycho from last time?
Why are you robbing a bank again?
Really? You're so good?
I don't know.
You are still an invisible rich second generation
What rich second generation?
I'm a super boss
As long as you marry me, everything I have will be yours
I believe you
Your bragging is getting bigger and bigger
Pretending to be the boss
Why don't you say you can fly to the sky?
Say are you playing tricks again?
Hey, I won't tell you if my wife is gone.
I'll take it out first, and you'll believe it.
Be careful everyone, it's starchy